[Music]
what we gonna break down when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ]
I asked shall which I wanted to see in
million this was one of the top
contenders irreversible
I always knew about this movie why well
because it has the most disturbing long
taken rape scene in film history the
film is shown in Reverse detailing the
rape of a woman named Alex and the
vigilante work to get revenge on the
rapist by her boyfriend and her
ex-boyfriend when I say it is shown in
Reverse I mean you literally see the
death of the rapist first and then you
see the rape and then you see the events
preceding the rape normally you would
see things chronologically but the
director who decided to present things
in a weird way regarding time and events
since this is a serious concern with
what we see in the plot I'm gonna recap
it chronologically it would be pretty
confusing for me to do it how you would
view it so keep in mind what happens in
this movie the title itself is a viewer
discretion if you want to see what
happens including all the messed up
parts stay tuned for the breakdown
so normally this is the end of the movie
but chronologically this is the
beginning of events we see a woman named
Alex reading a book called and
experiment with time time seems to be a
big part of this movie the movie
officially ends with this strobe light
effect but don't look too long real
curse you a title card says time
destroys all things later Alex just got
done doing the dirty with her boyfriend
Marcus there seems to be a party later
on and Alex's ex-boyfriend named Pierre
is coming too Marcus stole her from
Pierre apparently after Marcus goes to
get some booze Alex takes a home
pregnancy test to confirm that she is
pregnant and she is happy to see that
positive result sometime later Alex
Pierre and Marcus are on the elevator on
their way to the party in here though
the hallway and in the public
transportation they just talk about sex
in orgasms you can tell from the body
language though that it's a weird little
love triangle here once they get to the
stop they are literally off to go stupid
go crazy at the party the party is full
of drugs booze and sex something that
markets fits right into but Pierre is
kind of shy
Marc is freely cheats on his girl and
gets high and everything meanwhile
Pierre is just standing there like
stereotypical introverts where is Alex
at though she is shaking her fine ass on
the dance floor getting ID super hard by
Pierre he wants her back but Marquis
ain't having it soon Alice starts
getting real annoyed with Marcus because
he's stupid high and acting like an
idiot
long story short she's so annoyed that
she wants to go home deciding to leave
without him he does say I'll take you
home but that seems either more like
when he's ready
or it could be now Pierre also tries to
walk her home but she says nothing will
happen his last words to her in this
movie is don't go alone it's not safe so
Alice is on her way home she calls for a
taxi but nobody's taking any fares a
woman says
the underpass here it's safer she does
what the woman says going through
probably the most disturbing corridor in
film history a man and a prostitute
named kocha walked through but she says
something that makes him mad and gets
beaten right in front of Alex the messed
up thing is that because Alex was
looking his attention is not one hurt
she calls for help when he gets grabby
but she's completely under his control
when he brings out the blade the man
decides that he's gonna do whatever he
wants which is sodomizer okay so I'm not
gonna show this scene I can't only three
films have made me cry somewhere during
this disturbing series those films are
bully no child of mine and this one this
scene is like so raw that I kept peeking
in my mind you were academia posters
just to not be immersed in this rape
scene eventually the tears were just
about to come out because of me thinking
how nobody deserves to go through
something like this probably the worst
scene I've ever seen like this the close
second is I Spit on Your Grave it's a
long take that goes on for about nine
minutes the only thing that brought me
out of this state of despair was
imagining Jennifer Hills sodomizing him
with a metal pipe after he finishes he
doesn't let her go without hurting her
more and beasts are unconscious until
she can be found later Marcus and Pierre
leave the party hearing a big commotion
saying some [ __ ] got raped Marcus then
sees Alex being carried away on the
stretcher and it's just broken at the
sight of it Pierre is questioned by the
police trying to see if anybody at the
party or anywhere else could have
purposefully targeted Alex but Pierre is
a bit absent-minded once he gets out he
stands with Marcus who was just both
baffled and broken some random guy comes
up to them though concerned with the
attack because this is his turf
yeah he's a gangster named Mourad and he
has Marcus if he wants to punish the
rape is better than a jail cell would
who wouldn't after saying that and so
Murad and his homeboy
we'll help him find the rapist if they
receive some monetary compensation they
got a lead because there was a purse
left at the scene holding Aidid with the
name guillermo newness either that could
be the rapist or as somebody who can
help find him
keep in mind Marcos is still high in
plus he's very very angry
Marcos Pierre and the two gangsters
searched for this guillermo Nunez but
this person is actually that prostitute
that the rapist was hitting on before he
attacked Alex
she is transsexual and his name Concha
on the streets he basically forces her
to tell her with a rapist twin the
rapist supposedly goes by the name
tapeworm and Concha says the tapeworm is
probably at this gay BDSM club called
the rectum but she gets saved from any
more questioning by her peers the quad
group split up to search for the club
with our two main characters stealing a
taxi because the driver didn't know
where the rectum was I know that it was
pretty scarring for Marcus but he's an
[ __ ] on drugs right now Pierre is
trying his hardest to even keep Marcus
under control but Pierre is just
suppressing his anger right now
eventually Marcus finds out with the
rectum is from two people but peers like
let's just go see Alex in the hospital
but Marcus destroys the cab and forces
Pierre to bring his ass we follow the
funny camera showing the extreme
homosexual BDSM Club is crazy in there
plus there's a very strong anxiety
inducing rhythm playing during this
entire club scene sounds like this
[Music]
imagine that in your ear as you venture
through this dark sex dungeon
eventually Marcus and Pierre paid again
looking for tapeworm he goes all around
asking any of these sex-crazed people if
they'd seen tapeworm
he gets led downstairs and out they're
asking like dirty people he gets into a
fight with someone who is probably
Taylor well it does kind of look like
that rapist huh well actually it's the
guy on the right yeah this guy on the
right is the real rapist Marcus gets
into a fight with the look-alike but
gets his ass handed to him effortlessly
and his arm is broken the look-alike
then plans on raping him right in front
of the club patrons but right before he
does
Pierre comes in and smashes his head in
with a fire extinguisher not once not
twice he completely destroys this man's
skull this man Pierre was broken just as
much as Marcus to see something like
that and completely let loose on this
guy the police are now on the way but we
see - OH - men sitting in their
apartment right above the rectum club
this man here's the butcher and we
actually will see him in another
disturbing breakdown yeah that's right
he's a part of the French extreme
cinematic universe from the movie I
stand alone directed by the same guy he
mitches the past movie in which he had
incest with his daughter he also says
the tagline of the movie that time
destroys everything they both hear the
sirens outside and attribute the
commotion to the rectum Club outside
paramedics bring out Marcus on the
stretcher and the club patrons inside
say the most messed up and sauce to him
like I hope you get raped in prison
and I hope it hurts stuff like that they
say the same thing to Pierre who was
brought outside in handcuffs so guys the
movie starts officially with the scenes
showing the butcher but chronologically
this is the final scene of the movie
Marcus after singing is girlfriend after
her attack decided to take revenge in
his own
only to be beaten and almost attacked
himself pierre saw the same site and
despite trying to stay calm he succumbed
to murder the issue is that the man that
was murdered was the wrong man
so the rapist got off free it's kind of
messed up you know how someone can do
something so evil and get away with it
but you know however you know we don't
know what Alex had in her purse she
probably could have had a goddamn
hatchet for all we know you know it's
just sometimes situations in life are
just terrible we get dealt the wrong
cards even sadder is that what happened
to Alex could literally be happening to
someone right now as you're hearing me
talk so now that we got through this
movie let's talk about the most
disturbing and most enjoyed moment in
that spooky stuff
[Music]
looks disturbing film for spooky rights
to cover irreversible easily well at
least this year Salah move over your
gross this isn't for me a Serbian film
move over your being a try heart
irreversible is it for me
the attack on Alex was just kryptonite
for me
most disturbing moment I don't want to
talk about it no more you already know
that most enjoy moment is non-existent
I'm just left in the state of despair
almost but I do just wish there was an
alternate version where Jennifer Hills
ventured across the disturbing
multiverse and just brutally murdered
every rapists call it I Spit on Your
Grave
in-game so that's it yeah I was pretty
drained from his movie but I expected it
long before I started watching I was in
the mood to see some vigilantism and I
know violence isn't always the answer
but I'm sorry I can't help it if you've
got the same maybe you would enjoy
seeing my homegirl Ellen Page bully a
pedophile murderer and hard candy or
maybe you would like to see Korean
intelligence agent su-eun
murder the serial killer who kills and
rapes countless women off the books
thanks for watching spooky out